hello my name is hands and
on a discovery 300tdi rather exting is
to take off the viscous fan coupling
bear in mind it's a left-hand thread and
we use in a correct fan coupling spanner
span run and we might have to shock it
with a hammer to make sure it comes off
oh there it goes and we have now got it
loose we can spin off to replace the
viscous fan coupling where four six
millimeter allen key bolts which we need
to undo which is belt it
if the fan off might be a bit stuck this
one needs prying up carefully the pry
bar we can just lift it down to fit the
new fan coupling I'm just going to do a
reverse of clicking it off and we've
supplied new bolts with these so I shall
use those as well
fit the four bolts and tighten them up
now we've tightened up all the bolts
it's ready for refitting notice that
this is the left hand thread so we lower
it into position and screw it on
counterclockwise it's quite fiddly
catching the first thread but once it's
on we can spin it up all the way up
cleat stops just hang it up got the
correct
spanner we don't need to tighten it too
much but just nip it up enough so that
it just starts to move on the pulley and
that's that fitted